Sandbox
=======

An initiative to simplify the way we interact with big data.



Search 
======

When he co-founded Google, Larry Page identified an ambitious goal for the nascent search giant: to not only provide the best search results of any search engine, but to immediately present the user with the information they were looking for.

Google's Knowledge Boxes accomplish this goal for many queries. They are truly fantastic, and as such deserve to be developed further. This is leads to the first goal of Sandbox: to provide the simplest answer to a query in a highly digestable format.

Other inspiration for Sandbox Search is derived from Wolfram Alpha and Facebook.

The search function will utilize the APIs of Google, Facebook, and Wolfram Alpha to present the best possible search result. The algorithm will then assess the user's satisfaction with the result and update a heuristic that determines which type of result is displayed and which data source is used.


***********
Explore
=======

What good is a wealth of big data if the average person has no way to learn from it?

Big data shouldn't belong to an exclusive club of programmers and researchers. Maps, timelines, and charts shouldn't be primarily generated by academics or the media. It's time for the power of big data to be released to the public.

With Sandbox, users can easily and intuitively select various parameters available from several data sources to explore the world around Users choose the best way to display that data: chart, map, or timeline. For example, using Facebook as a data source, users can create a map of all the students who went to St. Catherine's College at Oxford who are currently living in the United States. Advertisers might be keen to know where their competitors have the largest market advantage, or track how their number of Facebook "Likes" changes over a given time period. Sandbox not only makes this possible, but easy.

Engaging and entertaining human curiosity should be simple. That's why we're called Sandbox.